The worker in the boots



He the fetured journeyman does mention to his acquaintance a certain lack of decision.
"What are you to digress the older bottom feed for which I cannot festure to the deteem of lack there of?" The cousin part does ask to his right.
The man does the respond,"I do not kindly feture to what it may really do become of it. Where can he go without the undergone relieve of the saddened boots of the bar counter? I surely not hopeful to so the redemption of a pale ale." The man in the yellow hat does to say.
"Well Clark, I festure you the books may inconvene without our agreement is all. That is the bar cannot bare the pale or the ale without our consumption to the reprieve does it? I sure hope so." The cousin smirks to himself.
"Well I well to know cort to certain the Tom. We should farely ask for the certain approval of the ask for the pale ales. Come on, let's go ask." Clark walks to the bar counter and asks the bartender a simple ask. "Hello there gentleman, how the cost for the pale ale?"
"Hello pal, the pale ale is the cost of 8 dollars. Are you two feturing for two cups of it?" The bartender does the respond.
Tom the say,"Yes, two cups is the handful for the night sir."
"Alright. I shall fetch the two cups for you." The bartender goes to a container and takes out the two cups and fills it with the pale ale from a fountain. "Here you go, lads." The bartender puts the two cups neatly towards the two men.
"Thank you gentlefolk." Clark does to say. "Now then." As he smirks and sips a small fallow of ale. "What do you reckon to believe in the event that is tomorrow we go that afternoon to the barney's union and slip up the paper so we can sign ourselves in?"
Tom drinks his ale and responds,"I do think that is a fine idea for afternoon session. We could finely to sign up ourselves in to the afternoon reprieve and get ourselves a find for the boots."
"Yes, and if we manage to discount the boots and we do finedy well to amount the cost we can walk back to the vineyard with two new pairs of kind boots." Clark does remark. "I wonder what to do with the ale if it was to know about the ale's cost."
"What do you to aggravate to the ale's discernment?"
"Tom, I cannot for certain well to know the point of which I think I could get a second glass of this ale. I am at a surprise of this taste." Clark does siply the cup and says,"Maybe we could walk back with new pair of boots and feture to the ale again."
Tom laughs and says,"I do agree. The pale ale does taste a sweet of a flower. To return to the bar next door we can say for sure once we get the discount for the boots."
"Oh sure."
