The blueberry theft
She the corner store she may fine the liquor to taste.



The young one bereft to the house a adventure for succubus. To the shoft she lofts to inhere a she can heard the drums of the beloved singing loft. She can to tell a reaductive measure of which she may fellow ship to learn the adventurous grove she may encounter to her trail the path of the shoft.
Arrive to she does inhere may she come to the barrel of the shoft in the hopes of a blueberry wine. What does the incurb to the sailor may stumble to tell her of the cost of the wine?
"Hello the lady." The sailor does stature to his rear the cost of the counter table she may realize that she is a cost to the wine. "Is that fine wine the one you affecting to purchase the dear?"
"Hello the seller of the shofts to which I do beg for a good wine." The girl hoves to her wallet and takes out a few dollar bills. "I have in possession a few dollar bills. I think can afford the wine. How much the cost?"
The sailor does eek to a grin and to say,"The wine is ten dollars for the cost, m'am."
"Good. Here is the ten dollars." The girl hands out the dollar bills and crabs the wine to the counter. "Please do baggage the wine to a bag please, sir."
The sailor crumbles a paper bag and puts the wine inside the bag. "Here you go lad. Do enjoy the wine for fine evening."
The lady does sit at her kitchen counter to which she pores the blueberry wine to a cup. Alloft she does become to encounter the yummy taste of the blueberry the wine.
"Very good. The wine is alloft to the tasture of a cravings." Well to bag she may return to the shoft to purches a few more wines.
The man Clark straggers to the counter of the shoft to say,"Hello the sailor. Where is the cranberry wine of which He who likes to say hello I would like to purchase with the bills?"
The sailor claims,"The cranberry wine does to be found at the corner of aisle 1. Do be careful the wine is a little left to the weight of ounce."
Clark does return to the aisle 1 and read about the labels of the red and merry green the wines. Where to for the go about the realtor does she come to enjoy a good gardening for which she can come about to the shoft and make about the cranberry the wine. "Hello Clark. The fancy to a liquor may she come to loft."
"Mary. I do not expect to see you here at the shoft. Yes, I do bargain for some the wine."
The woman lifts up her jacket and complains about the rain. "It is dready the wet the outside Clark. The wine is a fashion I about to hope it does dread for you well." The woman passes clark and disappears in the shoft.
"Fancy seeing the woman. I hope she may find her way to home. Now then the dready afternoon I cannot further begin to deal home without the cranture of some the wine." He to hold the wine and brings it to the encounter of the sailor. "Hello there, sailor. I have brought the wine. The cost."
The sailor returns to the counter and rejuvenates the conversation to the man. "The cost is fourteen dollars, sir. Do be kind to the counter as I bag your drink."
The man hands out the dollars to which the sailor does to bag the wine. "Goodbye gentleman and do be careful to the tready sailor afternoon the raindy wine does encounter a slip of the noon."
"I shall take the walk in hearnest care for in afternoon I do must come back to the dry tiles of the kitchen so I can enjoy the wine for yourself truly."
